
## Morning meetings

An essential part of working completely online will be to get to know your
fellow students. For this purpose we'll host morning meetings every day at
**09:00** for all of you. Here you'll divide into smaller groups of 4 or 5
students, and have a cup of coffee and start the day together. The meeting can
be joined at [Wonder.me](https://www.wonder.me/r?id=c6cdcb4d-7901-44dc-9b9f-fe90898c22a5).

These meetings will also be useful to discuss your progress and what you're
planning to do for the day. If, for example, you find you're stuck on the same
part of an assignment as other students, you can then decide to take a look at
your approach for a problem together. We encourage you to discuss approaches to
problems together, as this is an effective way to learn, but this can only
occur if you know each other and what you are working on. Facilitating this is
primary purpose of these meetings.

*Note:* This means working together on analysis and approach of a problem, not
directly sharing code with each other! For a complete description of what it
means to do your own work and forms of collaboration are reasonable and
unreasonable, see the end of this document.

## Asking questions

If you have any question about the material, there are several ways to get
assistance. An import part of following this course, is to understand all the
different ways you can get help and when to use which one.

### Ed Q&A Forum

The first place you should try and ask your question is on the
[Ed forum](https://edstem.org/us/courses/4208/discussion/). There the course
staff or your fellow students will answer any specific questions you might
have.

If you have general question about the material or the assignment, please make
it a public question, so other students can also read the answer. Private
questions are intended for questions that share specific portions of a
solution, which you obviously shouldn't do publicly. Further details on using
*Ed* can be found in the pinned "Welcome" post on the forum.

### Seminars

There will be several planned seminars for each module, which will be listed as
part of the weekly schedules, usually starting at **11:00** those days. The
seminars serve as a central place to discuss material with all students, though
the exact form will differ from topic to topic. The topic for each seminar will
be listed together with the Zoom link for that seminar.

While these seminars might cover some additional material, they also serve as a
Q&A about assignments or topics from the theory. Attendance is not mandatory,
but is definitely recommended, even if you've already completed that part of an
assignment, as completing does not always mean full understanding too.

*Note:* Attendance for each seminar is still kept track of and will impact your
place in the *QuestionQueue* (see next section). If you did not attend the
seminars, then you might have to wait longer to have your individual question
answered. Answering questions centrally in a seminar is much more efficient
than answering individual videocalls, so this measure serves specifically to
discourage students who choose to not attend seminars, but still ask individual
questions, which might have already been answered during those same seminars.

### Videocall on Discord: QuestionQueue

Sometimes it is hard to phrase your specific question precisely in writing on
the forum, especially when you are just starting out with programming. For some
problems it is also easier if the staff can see your screen and ask you
questions. For these cases we also offer the option of videocalls on Discord.
Requests for videocalls are managed using the the *QuestionQueue* bot.

The question queue will open every weekday starting at **9:30**. Most days
the queue will be open until *12:30*, but if there is a seminar that day, the
queue closes before the seminar starts at *11:00*.

To use the *QuestionQueue*, send a direct message to the bot on Discord, a
starting with `!ask`, followed by your question, e.g.

    !ask My water.py gives an error I don't understand.

The staff will take videocalls from the queue in the order they are asked, and
you will be notified by the *QuestionQueue* bot when it is your turn.

### Email the staff

If you have personal matters to discuss or other questions that do not fit any
of the formats above, you can email the course staff at <minorai@mprog.nl>
